c:/Users/kro/Documents/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/bin/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.exe
c:/Users/kro/Documents/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/bin/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.deps.json
c:/Users/kro/Documents/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/bin/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.runtimeconfig.json
c:/Users/kro/Documents/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/bin/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.dll
c:/Users/kro/Documents/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/bin/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.pdb
c:/Users/kro/Documents/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/obj/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:/Users/kro/Documents/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/obj/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:/Users/kro/Documents/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/obj/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/kro/Documents/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/obj/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:/Users/kro/Documents/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/obj/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.sourcelink.json
c:/Users/kro/Documents/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/obj/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.dll
c:/Users/kro/Documents/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/obj/Debug/net8.0/refint/Day 7 - Camel Cards.dll
c:/Users/kro/Documents/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/obj/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.pdb
c:/Users/kro/Documents/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/obj/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:/Users/kro/Documents/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/obj/Debug/net8.0/ref/Day 7 - Camel Cards.dll
/Users/fabiankrohn/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/bin/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards
/Users/fabiankrohn/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/bin/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.deps.json
/Users/fabiankrohn/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/bin/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.runtimeconfig.json
/Users/fabiankrohn/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/bin/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.dll
/Users/fabiankrohn/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/bin/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.pdb
/Users/fabiankrohn/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/obj/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
/Users/fabiankrohn/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/obj/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
/Users/fabiankrohn/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/obj/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.AssemblyInfo.cs
/Users/fabiankrohn/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/obj/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
/Users/fabiankrohn/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/obj/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.sourcelink.json
/Users/fabiankrohn/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/obj/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.dll
/Users/fabiankrohn/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/obj/Debug/net8.0/refint/Day 7 - Camel Cards.dll
/Users/fabiankrohn/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/obj/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.pdb
/Users/fabiankrohn/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/obj/Debug/net8.0/Day 7 - Camel Cards.genruntimeconfig.cache
/Users/fabiankrohn/Projekte/AdventOfCode2023/Day 7 - Camel Cards/obj/Debug/net8.0/ref/Day 7 - Camel Cards.dll
